Godfrey Mathe 
COS301

4.1 Access Channel requirements

Various other systems and users will access the Buzz system services mainly via a web browser.i.e
this means users will have to explicitly connect to http://cs.up.ac.za to be able to use the services on Buzz according to the clients specifications.
However, the access channel is not limited to only a web browser access but may later be extended to other systems like Mobile, Android and iOS applications. 


4.2 Quality requirements

The quality requirements that are most important to the Buzz system in particular are:

4.2.1 Perfomance

The system needs to respond almost instantly in terms of creation and deletion of a Buzz
space or creation and deletion of threads as well as the management or administration of
the whole system and it must also be able to handle high contention where a lot of users
will want to access an actice buzz space at once and should not experience latency or be 
susceptible to data traffic.

4.2.2 Reliability

The buzz system needs to be 'online' almost every time.
The server or host for the system should then be able
to be used by users at any time.

4.2.3 Scalability

This will imply that the Buzz system , when neccesary or needed can be easily converted into an
application to be used on mobile phones.The system should be built using independent components
to ensure pluggability when developing it for mobile.

4.2.4 Security

The system as a whole should be able to protect the information of students and lectures from external
infiltration e.g possible SQL injection. Again, it should provide some form of validation mechanism to 
ensure that only students that are allowed on specific Buzz spaces are allowed on a certain one.
Also , the mechanism needs to block out all students who are not allowed on the system.

4.2.5 Flexibility

The Buzz system will need to be able to respond to internal and external changes affecting the system.
The system should be certain on which actions to take when part of it fails.

4.2.6 Maintainability

The system should be able to be continually improved by developers who worked on it initially and new developers.
The system should also have the attribute that it can be restored.

4.2.7 Monitorability

Buzz should provide a way such that it can be audited i.e it can keep track of the number of posts,
keep track of dates and be able to link a post to a student.

4.2.8 Integrability

It should be easy to combine The Buzz system with other modules or assistance technologies like a
Database Management System. It should be able to export data into various other modules.


4.2.9 Usability

The system must be user friendly and easy to use for users. 
Users must be able to interact with the system i.e the user
interface must be easy to learn and understand.


